.\"TOPICS "Topics:"
.TH ALFC 1 "%%DATE%%" "alfc %%VERSION%%" "Another Linux File Commander"

.SH NAME
alfc \- program for...

..SH SYNOPSIS
.B alfc
[ options ] [\-view file] [-l DIR] [-r DIR]
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
ALFC is a directory browser/file manager for Unix-like and Windows operating
systems, patterend after the famous Norton Commander program from DOS.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I \-view
This option will load a file into the internal viewer
.TP
.I \-v
Displays the program version
.TP
.I \-l DIR
Start with left pane as directory DIR
.TP
.I \-r DIR
Start with right pane as directory DIR

.SH LICENSE
ALFC is distributed under GNU GPL v2

.SH AVAILABILITY
alfc is vailable via git from Gitorious.
   git clone git://gitorious.org/alfc/alfc.git

.SH FILES
.PP
.I /usr/local/share/alfc/help.hlp
.IP
The help file for the program.
.PP
.I ~/.alfc
.IP
This is the users configuration directory
.PP
.I ~/.alfc/options.ini
.IP
This is the users basic configuration file. Most basic options are set here.
.PP
.I ~/.alfc/*.lua
.IP
These are supporting scripting files that control the setup of ALFC.
.PP
.I ~/.alfc/scripts/*.lua
.IP
These are custom scripts that can be invoked by the user.

.SH USAGE
Start alfc in the home directory on the left and Documents on the right.
.IP
.B "alfc -l ~ -r Documents"
.PP
Start by viewing a file
.IP
.B "alfc -view ~/Documents/source/main.c"

.SH NOTES
.TP
ALFC can be compiled either as an NCurses application or a X11/Win32 application.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
mc(1), ytree(1),

.SH BUGS
There is an online bug tracker at
    https://redmine.bloodycactus.com/projects/alfc
